fire brigade
Come and clean the martial arts hall for me so early in the morning?
Kim, get out
We don't welcome dog slaves who worship foreigners here
Whatever you say.
Chen Daoyuan, what do you mean?
The last time I beat the manager by luck in the early morning
I said I would be back
This time, I came prepared, haha.
Banqilong, let me introduce
East Island Extreme Flow Karate Master
Known as invincible in nature
This time I invited him.
That's to give you face.
Don't be angry
I don't care if you're in the mood or not
Then you might as well close the door early.
If I say no, I won't fight
Come back another day
Don't call him, hurry up
Ah, don't fight, don't force
As long as you accept my plaque
Disband your facial features within three days
If you don't have the guts to go to Hong Kong, don't open any martial arts hall
Ah, look at your incompetence
Shame on our elephants
Pay attention to the green mountains you keep, and you are not afraid of running out of firewood.
No, let's spare a few soldiers
It's better to be a dick than to be beaten to death
How can you say such spineless words?
It's not just about martial arts
This is the business of every descendant of Yan Huang
Escape when encountering strong enemies
Are you still a descendant of the dragon?
The sky fell and a tall man stood on it
We 500 don't even have a mirror dancer.
And the consumption is already wasted.
You go up or you go up
Sometimes the big eater is
Maybe we can still have a big stomach
What if the big eater is here?
The king must be their opponent
What is the exit to get back?
Others have been bullied to the doorstep
Where else can you retreat to?
People should not be arrogant
What am I waiting for?
How can the descendants of Yanhuang be bullied by foreigners?
Born to be a hero
Death is also a ghost
Curator Jin
This soldier
very excited